Grandfather: You know there was a time before you were born that magic was spread out across the world
That day was so long ago. I hardly remember it.
I remember my own parents dissapeared just before Harvikir was struck down
I was just a year younger than you.
. . .
I guess I must have been about 17 years old. My father was the town baker at the time. 
My mother was a choir singer in the church of Exalera.
The town guard came around, collecting all able bodied citizens to gather together at the town square
I was left off. Ya see, I had a bad infection at the time. I still got the wound. 
*He puts his fingers to his right eye, which looks like it's grown over with skin, never to be opened*
Granfather: The able bodied people were marched through town, over and over. 
I remember watching them with my one good eye. They were given weapons. My parents rushed home once.
They spent the night at home for the first time in a month. The next day when I woke up, they were gone.
I tried to go look for them, but the door wouldn't budge. There were boards over the windows from the outside. 
The only sound I could hear for the next few days was the beating of wood. I couldnt' tell where it came from.
After a week, I heard wooden boards break. I heard a girl, her name was Ruth. She screamed. I called for her.
She helped me remove the boards to the windows of the house. After I got out I saw why she screamed.
Bodies were strewn about the streets. That's why I couldn't open the door, two bodies were sitting against it.
There was ash everywhere, it was hard to breath. Ruth and I sat in my house for two more days. 
After there was a large army that came through. They cleared out the bodies, and the ruin.
They cleared out the other buildings. There were only bodies, died from whatever causes.
Ruth and I were taken to Isteroth. We got married there, and then came back a little less than a year later to rebuild Harvikir.
You should have seen it before the destruction. It was a beautiful town.
You know we have the festival every year over the rebirth of the town. 
The festival is tomorrow. Go out, get ready, it'll be fun tomorrow.
END